Add Migration section and improve text (#3)
confio/cosmos-hd-key-derivation-spec: README.md

  - [Chain specific path structure](#chain-specific-path-structure)
    - [Cosmos simple HD path](#cosmos-simple-hd-path)
  - [Implementation](#implementation)
  - [Implementation in the Ledger app](#implementation-in-the-ledger-app)
  - [Implementation in CosmJS](#implementation-in-cosmjs)
  - [Migration](#migration)
    - [Special case: Cosmos Hub](#special-case-cosmos-hub)
    - [Special case: Custom SLIP44 coin type](#special-case-custom-slip44-coin-type)
  - [Other signing algorithms](#other-signing-algorithms)
  - [Notes](#notes)

> <!-- Added by: simon, at: Di 15 Jun 2021 11:04:10 CEST -->

Reviewer: Interesting data leak.

> <!-- Added by: simon, at: Di 15 Jun 2021 11:50:21 CEST -->

Reviewer: Interesting data leak.

Author: Yeah, right :/ I guess I need to fork that tool.

## Migration

The overarching goal for migrations is to avoid the use of the Cosmos Hub path for chains
other than the Cosmos Hub. This means that the Cosmos Hub does not need to migrate to the
new Cosmos purpose as long as there is no good reason to do so. We'll cover this as a
special case below. Chains that decide to register their own SLIP44 coin type and do not
want to reuse Cosmos client tooling (in particular the Cosmos Ledger app) are also
discussed separately.

Which derivation path is used cannot easily be detected by the chain or remote clients.
Only clients that do the derivation know the path. So most of the following migration work

> has to happen in the client or is coordination effort between different clients. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has to happen in the client or requires a coordination effort between different clients. The
```

following rough guide is supposed to provide an overview, but might not fully apply to
every ecosystem:

1. Get community support for adopting the Cosmos purpose described above.
2. Register a chain index.

> 3. Get clarity if the simple HD path is what you want to use. The answer is probably yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get clarity over whether the simple HD path is what you want to use. The answer is probably yes.
```

4. If your client used the Cosmos Hub path before preserve support for it (for active
   accounts as well as restoring secret recovery phrases). New accounts should be created
   with the new schema. Do account discovery using both path patterns. Show notification
   to the user encouraging a change.
5. If you develop a new client support the new schema only. Consider an import feature
   that supports legacy paths for users migrating from other clients. Consider account
   discovery using both path patterns.

### Special case: Cosmos Hub

The BIP-44 compliant path `m/44'/118'/x'/0/y` belongs to coin type 118 (ATOM) and the
Cosmos Hub can use this path as long as it wants to. The only slight drawback is the 5

> component structure originating from Bitcoin, but no real word problem with that is known

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component structure originating from Bitcoin, but no real world problem with that is known
```
